Docs for TRE version upgrade (#3090)
microsoft/AzureTRE: docs/tre-admins/upgrading-tre.md

## Introduction

AzureTRE referenced as an external folder in [AzureTRE deployment repository](https://github.com/microsoft/AzureTRE-Deployment) (which is used as a template for your project in the quick start guide). A specific version of AzureTRE is downloaded as part of devcontainer setup.

A symlink is then created making it available to reference in the directory itself (it is available only for reference, any changes to it are gitignored).

## How to upgrade AzureTRE version

> Please check the release note before upgrading.

To upgrade AzureTRE version inside [AzureTRE deployment repository](https://github.com/microsoft/AzureTRE-Deployment), you need to git pull the latest version.

> Use the following git command in your `AzureTRE deployment` folder:

Reviewer: I think the term might be confusing. What do you think about:
```suggestion
Use the following git command in your own repo that originated from the `AzureTRE-Deployment` template:
```
